DOCSP-13866:  update findOne to new format (#33)
mongodb/docs-golang: source/usage-examples/findOne.txt

.. default-domain:: mongodb

> You can retrieve a single document from a collection with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can retrieve a single document from a collection by using the
```
Nit: This is the format for majority of the usage example pages

``FindOne()`` method.

The following example passes a query filter to the ``FindOne()`` method,
which matches documents in the ``movies`` collection where the value
of the ``title`` field is *The Room*, returning the first document found.

.. include:: /includes/usage-examples/run-example-tip.rst

.. literalinclude:: /includes/usage-examples/code-snippets/findOne.go
   :start-after: begin findOne
   :end-before: end findOne
   :language: go
   :dedent:
   :emphasize-lines: 3

Click `here <{+example+}/findOne.go>`__ to see a fully runnable example.

Expected Result
---------------

> After you run the code example, you will see output similar to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you run the code example, you should see output similar to the following:
```
Nit: Remove future tense

.. code-block:: json
   :copyable: False

   {
     ...
     "title": "The Room",
     "year": 2003,
     ...
   }

Additional Information
----------------------

For more information on specifying query filters and
handling potential errors, see our guide on **<TODO: retrieve data
fundamental page>**.

For more information on query operators,
see the :manual:`MongoDB query operator reference documentation
</reference/operator/query/>`.

API Documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> - `FindOne() <{+godocs+}/mongo#Collection.FindOne>`__

Reviewer: Nit/Question: If there's only one item, should there be a bullet? Other pages with only one currently don't.
